In July 2018, a long-cubated event took place in Lviv, Ukraine, the big, courageous, special convention.
The delegates were arriving from nine different countries at all times of day and night.
Even so, all of them were warmly welcomed by local brothers and sisters.
When we got here, we were picked up and everything was just perfectly organized.
It was about a year and a half, brothers in various departments were preparing for this event.
We are confident in Jehovah's blessing and support.
The delegates also worked with local publishers in the field service, inviting the residents of Lviv to the convention.
The branch office organized different excursions, tours in the ancient city center and reached the delegates not only culturally, but also spiritually.
On some buildings, they could see Bible citations and tetragramaton of God's name.
Outside of Lviv, tours included visiting the picturesque Carpathian Mountains region.
The delegates also visited three castles, in which art and historical exhibitions were on display.
In the Swedish castle, they enjoyed a dancing program, in which about 90 brothers and sisters participated.
In the branch office, guests learned about the work done by each department and got acquainted with the battle family, who had prepared a special program for them.
The evening gathering program consisted of songs, dances and a video about the history of Jehovah's Witnesses in Ukraine.
It encouraged the guests a lot. Many of them were even moved to tears.
At the same time, preparations at the stadium were underway.
We are waiting for the moment when this whole stadium will be filled with faithful servants of Jehovah.
It's a special privilege for the branch committee in Ukraine to warmly welcome all of you.
We couldn't speak the language. You could barely say any words to each other, but the hugs and you could feel the love and that's why it was so special.
The convention program was held in four languages, Ukrainian, English, Russian and Russian sign language.
It helped everyone to be courageous despite any trials.
A special time for me to be able to be with my brothers and sisters and learn to have courage despite difficulties.
The big attendance at the convention was 25,489, with 255 being baptized.
May Jehovah richly bless all of you. You will never regret the decision you made today.
If God is for us, no one can be against us.
So put your trust in Jehovah because there are more who are with us than against us.
I could say one thing that stood out to me is that it taught me hospitality at a level that I've never experienced before.
The way the brothers and sisters have been kind to us and treated us is a lesson that I'll bring back with me.
We can see that love. It's just another demonstration that we are at the true religion.
And this is Jehovah's organization, so it's all thanks to him.